{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\htmautsp\deff2{\fonttbl{\f0\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green127\blue80;\red138\green43\blue226;}\loch\hich\dbch\pard\plain\ltrpar\itap0{\lang1033\fs18\f2\cf0 \cf0\ql{\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs33\f2 {\b\cf2\ltrch About Blender}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Opens a menu displaying the following information about Blender:}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Version: The Blender version.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Date: Date when Blender was compiled.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Hash: The Git Hash of the build. This can be useful to give to support personnel when diagnosing a problem.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\i\ul\ltrch Branch: Optional branch name.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Windowing Environment: On Linux, this will show either Wayland or X11 depending on the windowing environment that Blender is running on.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\f2 {\fs30\ltrch Donate}{\fs24\ltrch : Open Blender\rquote s Development Fund website.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch What\rquote s New: Open the latest release notes.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\f2 {\fs30\ltrch Credits: }{\fs24\ltrch Open the credits webpage.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch License: Open the license webpage.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\f2 {\fs30\ltrch Blender Store: }{\fs24\ltrch Open the Blender Store website.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\f2 {\fs30\ltrch Blender Website:}{\fs24\ltrch  Open main Blender website.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Install Application Template}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Install a new application template.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs30\f2 {\ltrch File Menu}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch The options to manage files are:}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs34\f2 {\ltrch New Ctrl-N}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Clears the current scene and loads the selected application template.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs30\f2 {\ltrch Open Ctrl-O}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Open a blend-file.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\cf3\ltrch Open Recent Shift-Ctrl-O}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\cf3\ltrch Displays a list of the most recently opened blend-files. Hovering over items will show a preview, and information about the blend-file. Select any of the file names in the list to open that blend-file.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Clear Recent Files List}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Removes all items from the list.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\cf3\ltrch Revert}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\cf3\ltrch Reopens the current file to its last saved version.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Recover}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Recover Last Session}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch This will load a blend-file that Blender automatically saves just before exiting. So this option enables you to recover your last work session, e.g. if you closed Blender by accident.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Recover Auto Save}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch This will open an automatically saved file to recover it.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Save Ctrl-S}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Save the current blend-file.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Save Incremental Ctrl-Alt-S}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Save the current Blender file with a numerically incremented name that does not overwrite any existing files.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Save As\'85 Shift-Ctrl-S}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Opens the File Browser to specify file name and location of save.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Save Copy\'85}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Saves a copy of the current file.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Link\'85}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Links data from an external blend-file (library) to the current one. The editing of that data is only possible in the external library. Link and Append are used to load in only selected parts from another file. See Linked Libraries.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Append\'85}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Appends data from an external blend-file to the current one. The new data is copied from the external file, and completely unlinked from it.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Data Previews}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Tools for managing data-block previews.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Import}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Blender can use information stored in a variety of other format files which are created by other graphics programs. See Import/Export.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Export}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Normally you save your work in a blend-file, but you can export some or all of your work to a format that can be processed by other graphics programs. See Import/Export.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
}
}