{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\htmautsp\deff2{\fonttbl{\f0\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f3\fcharset0 Sitka Text;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green215\blue0;\red127\green255\blue0;\red255\green235\blue205;\red100\green149\blue237;\red138\green43\blue226;}\loch\hich\dbch\pard\plain\ltrpar\itap0{\lang1033\fs18\f2\cf0 \cf0\ql{\fs69\f0 {\b\i\cf2\ltrch Tool System}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Tools are accessed from the Toolbar.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch This is a general introduction to tools. Individual tools have their own documentation.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch There can only be one active tool per Workspace and mode. This tool is remembered: if you\rquote re in Edit Mode and have the Extrude tool selected, then switch to Object Mode (which has no Extrude tool) and back to Edit Mode, the Extrude tool will still be active.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Most tools are controlled using just LMB, though some also have modifier keys (shown in the Status Bar while using the tool). This can all be customized in the Keymap Preferences.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Some tools define gizmos (Shear and Spin for example) to help control them.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs46\f2 {\ltrch Toolbar}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Reference}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Shortcut}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Expanded tool group.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\cf3\ltrch The Toolbar contains buttons for the various tools. Buttons with a small triangle in their bottom right corner are tool groups which can be opened by holding LMB on them for a moment (or dragging LMB to open them instantly).}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\cf3\ltrch Hovering your cursor over a tool for a short time will show its name, while hovering longer will show the full tooltip.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Resizing the Toolbar horizontally will display the icons with two columns. Expanding it further will display the icon and its text.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Pop-Up Toolbar}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Reference}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\cf4\ltrch Shortcut:}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\b\i\cf4\ltrch Shift-Spacebar}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\cf4\ltrch Pressing Shift-Spacebar will pop up a small toolbar right at your cursor for faster access. The shortcuts for selecting the tools are displayed on the right.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Alternatively, you can map this action to Spacebar in the Keymap Preferences. Then you\rquote ll be able use Spacebar like a modifier key (similar to holding Ctrl or Shift). For example, you can press Spacebar T for Transform, Spacebar D for Annotate, Spacebar M for Measure and so on. See Spacebar Action.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Quick Favorites}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\ltrch Reference}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\b\i\cf5\ltrch Shortcut:}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\b\i\cf5\ltrch Q}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 {\cf5\ltrch The Quick Favorites menu gathers your favorite tools. Any tool or menu item can be added to this pop-up menu via its context menu.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs38\f3 {\cf6\ltrch Changing Tools}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs38\f3 {\cf6\ltrch If you have Alt Click Tool Prompt enabled in the Keymap Preferences, tapping Alt will display a tool prompt in the Status Bar. You can then press a key to select the corresponding tool, or tap Alt again to cancel the prompt.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
}
}